so today I am going to be doing a review
of the new Monster High sweet 1600 cars
so yeah this is just a quick overview of
the box so okay
so this is this side and it is the back
of the vehicle car and this is back of
the box as you see says Monster High it
has a picture of frankie stein Jackie
Laura claudi and clot and yeah over here
it says a sweet 1600 birthday present
for Jackie laura from her father now i'm
going to open a so i finally unboxed it
so let's start the review so over here
first we have a thing i really can't
remember the name of it but yeah it's
the front and it has a pink bat on it
and here the headlights at least that's
what I think they are um and they have
spider webs inside if you can see and
over here there is a heart and um the
design on the car are um bows spider
webs and some bats and the Dracula Rhys
skull see right over here and yeah so
over here we have the window that is
pink and um the seats are pink as well
and if you can see um it's like a heart
bat right over here and the belts um the
seat belts have a monster high skul bow
on it that's really awesome and show you
the side over here okay um the driving
wheel has a monster high school
and a heart over here with a monster
high school and it's like a GPS so at
the back here um some more headlights
I'm assuming and they have spider webs
as well and then down over here is the
license plate and says Draculaura yeah
so bye guys and this was my review of
new monster high draculaura 1600 sweet
1600 car